README.md, before:

# Can of Books

**Author**: Mohammad Lebzo
**Version**: 1.0.1
<!-- (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission) -->

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

- 27-09-2021 05:17pm - The server sends data from the database upon request.

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

Commit message:

The server receives data from the front-end application and saves it in the database, also the front-end can now delete data from the database

README.md, after:

# Can of Books

- **Author**: Mohammad Lebzo
- **Version**: 1.0.2
<!-- (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission) -->

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

- **27-09-2021 05:17pm** - The server sends data from the database upon request.
- **28-09-2021 07:37pm** - The server receives data from the front-end application and saves it in the database, also the front-end can now delete data from the database.

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
